Management sometimes overlooked the ways they could utilize my role, so I occasionally felt somewhat stagnant.
The best thing you can do for new employees is to make sure they understand their roles and supply them with the tools they need to perform their job. I didn’t always feel as though I had the resources to do my job well, so I think new employees can benefit from more thorough and frequent training
A comprehensive benefits package would make the job more appealing
Better opportunities in the new work place 
I felt the salary was a major demotivating factor in terms of my job requirement. I wish this was taken care of 
My parents are old now and I am the only one to take care of them. I wanted to move to a place nearer to them. WFH is what the new employment provides me
In last some months, I had been handling a lot of responsibilities. I tried to extend myself. I had asked for more support in terms of resources and better planning from the management but somehow it could not work out. 
The main reasons for change were more challenges and opportunities to grow
Work Culture is something I always look out for. I felt misplaced in this organization and hence it was better for me to leave.
I had spoken to my boss on the compensation. However, this year too it went unnoticed. It was really disappointing 
Personal issues are the only reason for me to leave. I loved this place and wouldn’t leave if I could manage my personal issues more effectively 
The HR team and you are aware that I didn’t get along with my boss. It was time for me to therefore seek opportunities outside 
Management has given me no choice but to leave. No training in the past 4 years. There is nothing to learn 
No promotion for the past 4 years. Same job profile.
I feel my growth was not happening. I have been in the same role for the past 7 years. I think the management should look into training and growing the employees 
The Benefit packages offered in the new role is extremely appealing. Stock benefits for senior management has been proposed but never considered. 
I am changing my role. I wanted to move out of healthcare. Hence, it’s important for me to grab this opportunity I have got 
Quick promotions and better rewards and recognition is something I feel this company could do with 
Better Compensation
I wanted to offer my immense analytic experience for the benefit of the team. During the first 3 months, I put all I had into the work until I was taken to the procurement department. Technically, that is when my exit process started.
I am more of a research person, and I think I would fit there. wrong job role is the reason I have decided to quit 
First of all, I think, people are seriously underpaid here. my team used to complain every day. I think the HR should conduct a competitive benchmarking exercise 
My style of working didn’t match with the management Style at all. 
Job good. Remuneration is horrible 
I have had no job satisfaction in the past 3 years
The salary Structure is something I am not happy with. I pay too much in taxes despite being compensated as per market Standards and don’t end up saving anything. Also, my variable component is too high despite sales not being under me 
My work life balance was something I needed to check. I was working every weekend and was taking a toll on my health 
No training, no upgradation, no change in the last 1 and half year I have been here. this is the first time in my career where I feel I haven’t gained any knowledge 
Wanted a role change. Was not considered for the internal opening for the lateral shift. Hence decided to move 
I wish my boss understood me more and took my ideas into consideration 
I feel this job doesn’t give me any flexibility. Too much travel and I never get a work from home despite the same being a part of the organization’s Structure 
I didn’t get promoted despite being promised. I don’t think that is fair 
Better opportunity is the reason I am moving out. Else all was good but I got an opportunity I couldn’t resist 
The Organization needs to rethink their rewards, Recognition and appreciation policies. These benefits are just not motivational enough to put in more than 100% of my effort
No job satisfaction 
My boss would not grant leaves despite being in the policy. Even one day leave was not granted, forget annual leave. I have wasted so many leaves every year. I am fed up 
stagnancy in growth is something I couldn’t bear and hence have decided to move on 
No Appreciation despite putting more effort than required. I have always been available at anyone’s beck and call and yet no promotion was given 
stagnation in the profile. I have been in the current role for almost 10 years 
Better opportunity outside hence wanted to peruse it 
Mother's health not doing good. I want to go and spend her last days besides her 
I haven’t been for One training in the last 4 years. Is this how you invest in employees and expect them to grow 
The management has been avoiding difficult questions every open house. I wouldn’t want to stay in an organization where the management is the first to run from the ship when it sinks
No work life balance. I would till 11 pm and on Sat and Sundays 
No career growth happening 
I wish my package was taken into consideration 
Personal problem has made me take this decision. I am sad to leave 
Got a better job opportunity 
My colleagues kept getting promotion every year and I didn’t. And no explanation was given. This unfair Treatment has made me take this decision 
You need to strengthen your rewards and recognition program else many employees like my team will start putting down their papers

